issue_template.md, before:

<!--
# How to create a new bounty?

1. Create an issue with bounty description and bounty and draft tags in an appropriate repository.
   If the bounty spans across multiple repositories, consider splitting it in a smaller per-repo bounties if possible.
   The bounty definition should be SMART (Specific, Measurable, Achievable, Relevant, Time bound)
2. Add the bounty to the bounties board:

3. Size the bounty in accordance to how much work you assume it will need. We propose to use T-shirt sizes according to table below. Bounties should regularly not exceed size M, consider splitting them into smaller sizes.

# Bounty sizes
XS ~3h
S  ~5h
M  ~8h
L  ~13h

# Wie wird eine Aufgabe definiert?

1. Erstelle einen Issue mit einer Aufgabenbeschreibung und entsprechenden Tags im richtigen Repository. Sollte ein Issue mehrere Repos betreffen, sollte dieser aufgespalten werden. Die Beschreibung sollte SMART (Specific, Measurable, Achievable, Relevant, Time bound) sein.

2. Füge den Issue dem Board hinzu:

3. Wähle für die Aufgabe eine dem Zeitaufwand angemessene Größe aus, damit Unbeteiligte den Umfang einordnen können. Die Aufgabengrößen können nach einem T-Shirt-System eingeteilt werden. Wenn die Größe

# Aufgabengröße

XS ~3h
S  ~5h
M  ~8h
L  ~13h
-->

# Bounty / Aufgabe

## Scope / Umfang

-

## Deliverables

-

## Gain for the project / Nutzen für das Projekt

-

## Roles / Rollen

bounty worker: @username
bounty reviewer: @username

## Gardener checklist

- [x] I have attached one of the `size-` labels to this bounty
- [x] I have added this bounty to bounty board here https://github.com/FUB-HCC/20-SWP-CodingOpenness/projects/1

Commit message:

docs: improve readability of issue template

issue_template.md, after:

<!--
# How to create a new bounty?
Check Comment below.
Bitte beachte die [Contribution Guidelines](https://github.com/FUB-HCC/20-SWP-CodingOpenness/blob/master/CONTRIBUTION.md)
-->
# Bounty

## Scope

-

## Deliverables

-

## Gain for the project

-

## Roles

bounty worker: @username
bounty reviewer: @username

## Issue creation checklist

- [x] I have attached one of the `size-` labels to this bounty
- [x] I have added this bounty to bounty board here https://github.com/FUB-HCC/20-SWP-CodingOpenness/projects/1

<!--

1. Create an issue with bounty description and bounty and draft tags in an appropriate repository.
   If the bounty spans across multiple repositories, consider splitting it in a smaller per-repo bounties if possible.
   The bounty definition should be SMART (Specific, Measurable, Achievable, Relevant, Time bound)
2. Add the bounty to the bounties board:

3. Size the bounty in accordance to how much work you assume it will need. We propose to use T-shirt sizes according to table below. Bounties should regularly not exceed size M, consider splitting them into smaller sizes.

# Bounty sizes
XS ~3h
S  ~5h
M  ~8h
L  ~13h

# Wie wird eine Aufgabe definiert?

1. Erstelle einen Issue mit einer Aufgabenbeschreibung und entsprechenden Tags im richtigen Repository. Sollte ein Issue mehrere Repos betreffen, sollte dieser aufgespalten werden. Die Beschreibung sollte SMART (Specific, Measurable, Achievable, Relevant, Time bound) sein.

2. Füge den Issue dem Board hinzu:

3. Wähle für die Aufgabe eine dem Zeitaufwand angemessene Größe aus, damit Unbeteiligte den Umfang einordnen können. Die Aufgabengrößen können nach einem T-Shirt-System eingeteilt werden. Wenn die Größe

# Aufgabengröße

XS ~3h
S  ~5h
M  ~8h
L  ~13h
-->
